DOCSP-42772: compatibility (#90)
mongodb/docs-mongoid: source/includes/ror-compatibility-table-mongoid.rst

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :stub-columns: 1
   :class: compatibility-large

   * - Rails Framework
     - {+odm+} Support

>    * - ``ActionCable``

Reviewer: [s] What do you think of using a third column here (ex. `Notes`) to incorporate the additional info so that it's easier to scan? Or maybe a ``Supported`` and ``Unsupported`` column with the additional info directly in the column after the checkmark.

Author: I'll create a third notes column!

     - | ✓
       | There is no MongoDB adapter for ``ActionCable``, but you can
         use any existing adapter, such as the `Redis Adapter
         <{+active-record-docs+}/action_cable_overview.html#redis-adapter>`__,
         alongside {+odm+} models.

   * - ``ActionMailbox``
     - | *Unsupported*
       | Depends directly on Active Record.

   * - ``ActionMailer``
     - ✓

   * - ``ActionPack``
     - ✓

   * - ``ActionText``
     - | *Unsupported*
       | Depends directly on Active Record.

   * - ``ActionView``
     - ✓

   * - ``ActiveJob``
     - | ✓

>        | Serialization of BSON and {+odm+} objects works best if you
>          explicitly send ``BSON::ObjectId`` values as strings, and
>          reconstitute them in the job, as shown in the following code:
>   
>        .. code-block:: ruby
>        
>           record = Model.find(...)
>           MyJob.perform_later(record._id.to_s)
>    
>           class MyJob < ApplicationJob
>             def perform(id_as_string)
>               record = Model.find(id_as_string)
>               # ...
>             end
>           end

Reviewer: [s] Potential to update this to align with [this guidance](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/nested-components/#examples-inside-tables) in the style guide:
```suggestion
       | Serialization of BSON and {+odm+} objects works best if you
         explicitly send ``BSON::ObjectId`` values as strings, and
         reconstitute them in the job. For example:
  
       .. code-block:: ruby
       
          record = Model.find(...)
          MyJob.perform_later(record._id.to_s)
   
          class MyJob < ApplicationJob
            def perform(id_as_string)
              record = Model.find(id_as_string)
              # ...
            end
          end
```
